I do any more editing today I think my
brain is just gonna explode my
sunglasses are on I need to go outside
okay so that did not work well at all
got an uber went to a park that is close
by so I was like this is a light I'm
gonna find a trail I'm gonna be all cool
and hip and happenin and climb up a
really tall hill and take a picture at
the top but I got dropped off in a
really weird location and by the time I
actually found a trail to walk up I had
to leave because I have a meeting super
soon so I think this place has a gym in
it
guys I haven't worked out in over three
months but I'm like dedicated to
changing I doubt I'll even make it a
mile on the treadmill
we'll see that was absolutely horrible
in the best way possible
I lasted 1.5 miles but yeah it is a
beautiful la night like the weather here
guys
I am here this week to attend a
conference called the yellow conference
and I'm on a panel I'm doing
snapchatting so it'll be super fun and
I'm here at a dinner with some speakers
and people who are a part of the
conference so we have had mini courses
tonight I only had one plate and so we
are putting all of our what would you
call this accomplished bill but
yes this is where all my leftover Scotto
good really good so far we're explaining
pop sockets
okay what's cool too is you can pop it
out and also go like that and it can be
a stand see and you can watch your
Netflix
how do you feel about the pop socket
there's a lot of great people in LA I
would never live here it's always such a
great place to visit meet people connect
okay see this is awkward it's like 11:00
p.m. I didn't film a lot today I don't
know it's like with today vlog were they
gonna see wait I do need to go to CVS
dang it I forgot to go to CVS when I
come you want to come to CVS with me
might be an adventure welcome to laundry
okay let's someone from that girl's
shouldn't walk around downtown LA at
11:00 p.m. at night the vibes were
sketchy very sketchy what an
exhilarating trip to CVS Walgreens I do
have a question to post you guys I'm
always talking at y'all now it's time
for you to give me some advice so I'm
going to be honest and I really ever
since I dropped out of college which was
oh my gosh was eight months ago
ever since December 2015 I have been all
about that hustle life all about the
hustle all about the grind making
building creating just all about it in
the sense of making videos making
connections doing whatever I needed to
do at whatever rate possible to get
where I want to be I literally have zero
regrets I am so thankful for all
opportunities all the people I've met
along the way all the opportunities that
I've made for myself and it's just been
so amazing and honestly it's the coolest
thing to have an audience to share it
with you guys hanging out with you
I've never been a crazy health freak or
anything but I'm not dumb any human
knows that it's important to sleep it's
important not to eat crap all the time
and it's important to stay active
honestly living in New York City has
helped out with the being active part
but I just I used to work out a lot and
take care of myself when I reach this
point or I think I really need to get
back on that train and really need to
get back to sleep
B & C I say that but I've never really
had like a sleep schedule I mean ever
since high school in high school I was
always super worried about my studies I
was really involved with music and
guitar and stuff with like bands stuff
and so I was always super dedicated
school staying up studying with and
always doing the music thing and so I've
never really been on a good sleep
schedule ever since freshman year of
high school I'm in this point where how
how do you get on a schedule how do you
get on a flow or back into a flow when
you've never really even been in a flow
I have never like I was I was thinking
about it I've never had a set routine
when it comes to sleeping when it comes
to really anything anyways I'm rambling
and I want to get to my point my point
is the hustle is important the grind is
important and it's gotten to me where I
am today and there's certain phases of
your life where you just kind of have to
say screw sleep let's do this
but then there's other phases of your
life that you have to realize that the
hustle is affecting hustle you're going
on go on and not taking care of yourself
then that affects how you work and how
you do things so that's kind of where
I'm at right now and so I want to know
what are some things that you guys do
that maybe helps you get in a good sleep
routine or good eating habits how do you
stay in the gym how do you stay fit I
want to pick your brain I'm being
selfish and I'm now
okay audience of thousands of people who
watch me give me all of your tips or
life hacks on sleep health eating
working out anything that you got from
me please tell me because I don't know I
kind of want to get serious about
getting my person together because I
think there's a lot of benefit to it
anyway speaking of sleep guess what I
should be doing right now I should be
sleeping but please leave a comment down
below I want to pick your brains about
this stuff so until next time stay
peachy okay bye I'm currently working on
building a hotel's name from scratch